This repository provides a first instantiation of a method for managing portfolios of so-called process mining value cases, which we define as process mining-enabled business process improvement projects. The goal of this management method is to support organizations in determining portfolios of process mining projects that generate value by improving business processes. The repository is also rendered and a web-based application can be found here: https://mapper.onrender.com/

The application consists of four components: Strategic Input, Process Repository, Value Case Manager, and Success Monitor, which are designed in close alignment with the design specifications of the method. Therefore, the application supports organizations in the end-to-end method execution. In the following, we describe each component, highlight the connections to the respective method activities, and outline how the prototype supports their execution.

Strategic Input:
The first component closely supports Activity 1 (strategize) by providing a front-end to set available process-independent resources (i.e., technical and analytical) and weightings for the value case assessment. The weighting considers the three dimensions of strategic goals, risk minimization, and value potential aligned to the project assessment dimensions from Fischer et al. (https://doi.org/10.1016/j.is.2020.101689). The criteria for the dimension strategic goals are not pre-defined, but the user can set environment-specific goals important to the organization. For the dimension risk minimization, we adopt four dimensions from Rott and Böhm 2022 (https://aisel.aisnet.org/ecis2022_rp/45) (i.e., challenges and issues, state of data, organizational support, and skills and capabilities) and use these as sub-dimensions with associated criteria. The weightings for the criteria of the value potential are set process-dependent because process stakeholders may have different process improvement objectives for their business processes. The user is requested to balance the overarching (sub-)dimensions and the associated criteria via sliders to reflect the organization's preferences. Further, a risk-aversion assessment is requested to reflect the attitude toward riskier projects.

Process Repository:
The second component complements the process-independent view from the previous component with a process-dependent view, thus also supporting Activity 1 (strategize). The users are requested to add all business processes in focus and associated information. Specifically, the users can provide information about available process-dependent resources (i.e., process experts), estimate the resource demand for developing a process mining application for the business process, and rate process-dependent value goals for the dimension value potential. The criteria of time, cost, quality, and flexibility for this dimension are adopted from the Devil's Quadrangle (Dumas et al. 2018; https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-662-56509-4). In the back-end, we adopt a combination of AHP and WSM techniques to transfer the input of the first two components into a unified weighting mechanism applicable to the value case assessment later on.

Value Case Manager:
This component concerns the tracking of process mining value cases from their initiation to closing, thus mainly supporting Activities 3 (select) and 4 (implement). The Kanban board with its buckets enables the tracking and visualization along different development states of process mining value cases. The button ``Add Value Case'' provides a form requesting all information required for the value case assessment, i.e., a label, required resources, and Likert-scale-based estimates against the pre-defined criteria for the value case assessment. Applying the weighting mechanism and considering the state of a value case as an indicator for uncertainty, the input translates into scores for the three assessment dimensions and an overarching process mining value case score. Among all eligible value cases in the backlog, i.e., value cases with at least estimated hypotheses (state S1), the application proposes the portfolio with the greatest accumulated score relative to the invested resources (cards highlighted in green), thus providing decision-support for portfolio selection. Users can accept this proposal via the ``Implement portfolio proposal'' button or move cards manually as desired. A filter for specific processes allows focusing on the value cases in the scope of the respective decision group. The locked resources of value cases in the buckets Core Development, Insight, and Action are accounted for portfolio recommendations.

Success Monitor:
The last component concerns value monitoring and is designed to guide management decisions, thus supporting Activity 5 (monitor). The provided dashboard overviews the achieved one-time or recurring values of implemented process mining value cases (state S4). Further, the current resource utilization reveals shortages hindering further value case implementations. Overall, the provided information should support decision-makers in (re-)defining the strategic course for process mining.